alright guys this is just going to be a
little quick videos from a request on
how to make your hacked PSP from or
stopped from freezing it's very simple
to do actually so what you're going to
do is you're going to take your PSP that
you have your custom firmware on and
what you're going to do is simply hold
your power button in the up position
until the whole thing turns off and the
green power light stops flashing hold
down the right trigger in this case the
left button that I'm showing you on the
left here or the right depends on how
you're looking at this and turn the
power back on so hold down the our
trigger and turn the power back on and
you will access your recovery menu so
let's get a closer look at this now in
the recovery menu we are going to go to
configuration and simply just do the
following
skip sony logo enable that hide corrupt
icons enable that game folder whole room
a homebrew currently five point xx
kernel leave that as that auto run
program at PSP slash game / boot /e boot
pvp leave that disabled UMD mode change
that to m33 driver fake region it
depends you either want to have this
disabled or on debug type 1 it depends
if you have a PSN enabler or not so if
you don't have a PSN enabler leave it on
disabled and if you do put on debug type
1 type 2 or type 3 depends on which one
they say use use VSH menu set that to vs
h menu x mb a USB device you can change
that if you wish but i prefer to leave
it at the memory stick unless I'm doing
something important
charge the battery when USB cable is
plugged in enable that the m33 network
update is not available at all on gen
but if it is turn that off
hide p ic0 PNG and the idea p i
see one PNG in-game menu leave that
disabled use version txt leave that
disabled and hide your MAC address leave
that enabled so after following those
steps you're going to scroll down to
advanced in the main menu of the
recovery menu and make sure that you
format the flash one and reset the
settings just for haha' it'll help a
little bit if you're experiencing
freezing that could also solve the
problem and then your cpu speed which is
very simple I recommend trying this
first change your CPU speeds to 333 /
166 you can either use the VSH menu or
the recovery menu and that's about it
that's how I pretty much all I can say
to stop your PSP from freezing if you
have another like if you have your PSP
and you have plugins that are for
certain firmwares as well like for an
example there's some plugins that are
specifically meant for 5.00 m33 and
you're running on 5.50 gen d3 that could
also cause your PSP to freeze because
this SE plugin is not made for that
firmware so be aware of that as well
yeah other than that that's about it so
yeah so you want to be aware of your cpu
speed you want to be aware of what you
have enabled and disabled in your
configuration of your recovery menu and
you also want to be aware of what SE
plugins you have installed on your
memory stick because those can cause
your PSP to freeze during gameplay or
while you're even on the X and B or even
on a boot so make sure you have correct
SC plugins for the correct firmware is
not so much a big deal with like um
battery power saver se plugins and PSN
enablers and things like that but uh
other ones
such as
like see XMB if you have the wrong see
XMB for your PSP and you're running on a
different firmware that could cause it
to freeze and anything else other than
others like that that's specifically for
specific versions of homebrew that run
on separate firmwares and you have an SC
plugin for that that'll also cause it to
freeze so that's about it that's all the
advice I can really give you I can't
really do any hands-on stuff because
this guy didn't tell me exactly what he
has installed or what he actually uses
his PSP for or whether or not he's used
in CSO's or or iso's things like that
but yeah all's I can basically say is
make sure you have everything checked up
and don't have the wrong SE plugins for
the have them for the correct firmware
and set everything up in your
configuration the way I said and you
should be okay so thanks for watching I
hope this helps you guys and I will talk
to you later
take it easy